Cloud Software Engineer
Cloudsine
Software Engineer / Developer (Full Stack)
Full-Time
1 - 2 years
Bachelor’s
SGD 4,500 - SGD 6,500 monthly
APPLY
SAVE
Background
Cloudsine (https://www.cloudsine.tech) is an established cybersecurity product startup headquartered in Singapore since 2012. Our flagship software, WebOrion® (https://www.weborion.io), is used by large enterprise customers such as Banks, Government, Telcos, and Large Forbes Global 2000 companies spread across Asia including Australia, Indonesia, India, Philippines, Hong Kong and Singapore. We are seeking someone to join our dynamic technical team to maintain and enhance our WebOrion® software suite with new product capabilities and offerings.

Why join us? 
1. Build a Product Used by Companies in >8 countries in Asia, Europe, Australia and US. 
2. Regional Exposure. You get to work and interact with customers from different countries, languages and culture. 
3. Share Options. Besides the regular salary, we provide share options to staff who makes significant contributions so that they are co-stakeholders in the company
Job scope
What you will be working on:
Design and develop new features for WebOrion® software
Research and come up with key software features and modules
Design low fidelity wireframe and UI/UX
Work with designer team to create high fidelity wireframe
Manage and maintain databases, software and cloud infrastructure
Work on an agile product development process
Provide technical support to customers
What we are looking for:
Degree or Masters’ in Computer Science/ Engineering, Information Technology or equivalent
Preferably familiar with web technologies, AWS, SQL, Git
Knowledge in one or more programming languages: Javascript, Python, PHP
Experience with Linux command-line
Able to write and document technical concepts
Based in Singapore
Level of relevant working experience
1 - 2 years
Required Skills
Python
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Javascript
Hypertext Markup Language (HTML)
Linux
About the company
Cloudsine
Information and Communications
Cloudsine is a cloud technology company specialising in cloud adoption, security and innovation. Cloud will be one of the most significant technology shifts your organization will encounter in the next few years, hence Cloudsine aims to be the trusted partner to help customers build new capabilities and business opportunities for the digital future. Since 2012, cloud, security and innovation have been the DNA of their team. They have built cloud systems to support numerous large enterprise and government customers across APAC countries, including Singapore, Australia, Philippines, India, Indonesia, Hong Kong, etc. Their cloud experience includes web applications, content delivery, WAF, encryption, logs, analytics, containers, serverless architecture, deep learning, storage and archival, etc. In addition, they have their own Intellectual Property and tools (eg. WebOrion security suite) to complement existing public cloud tools to help customers strengthen their cloud security.
http://www.cloudsine.tech